[Docs] Guides & Tutorials improvement (#6676)
ethereum/web3.js: docs/docs/guides/wallet/transactions.md

---
sidebar_position: 5
sidebar_label: 'Tutorial: Sending Transactions'
---

# Transactions

This guide provides insights into sending transactions using web3.js, covering various scenarios from utilizing a local wallet to sending raw transactions.

## Sending transactions with a local wallet

The simplest way to sign and send transactions is using a local wallet:

```typescript
// 1st step: initialize `web3` instance
import { Web3 } from 'web3';

const web3 = new Web3(/* PROVIDER*/);

// 2nd step: add an account to wallet
const privateKey = '0x7b907534ec13b19c67c2a738fdaa69014298c71f2221d7e5dec280232e996610';
const account = web3.eth.accounts.wallet.add(privateKey).get(0);
// Make sure the account has enough eth on balance to send the transaction

// 3rd step: sign and send the transaction
//highlight-start

> // Magic happens behind sendTransaction. If a transaction is sent from an account that exists in a wallet, it will be automatically signed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Magic happens inside sendTransaction. If a transaction is sent from an account that exists in a wallet, it will be automatically signed using that account.
```
